c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\src\app\Hero.js
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\src\app\Hero.js.map
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\src\app\app.component.js
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\src\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\src\app\hero-detail.component.js
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\src\app\hero-detail.component.js.map
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\src\app\app.module.js
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\src\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\src\main.js
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\src\main.js.map
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\Hero.js
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\Hero.js.map
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\app.component.js
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\hero-detail.component.js
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\hero-detail.component.js.map
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\app.module.js
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\main.js
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\main.js.map
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\shared\enums\gender.enum.js
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\shared\enums\gender.enum.js.map
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\shared\classes\hero.js
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\shared\classes\hero.js.map
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\app.component.js
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\app.component.js.map
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\hero-detail.component.js
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\hero-detail.component.js.map
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\shared\pipes\age.pipe.js
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\shared\pipes\age.pipe.js.map
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\shared\pipes\search.pipe.js
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\shared\pipes\search.pipe.js.map
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\shared\pipes\get-name.pipe.js
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\shared\pipes\get-name.pipe.js.map
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\app.module.js
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\app\app.module.js.map
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\main.js
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quick\Quick\main.js.map
